okay guys now we are going to talk about
the code translational targeting of
secretory proteins to the is a mouthful
of name but the actual message about
this is shown here in this picture short
pictures you can see now the protein is
being secured is being translated and
the protein is translated in the in the
workbench of ribosome and ribosome are
sit on the endoplasmic reticulum and
right after the protein synthesis is
done the protein has to be transported
inside the endoplasmic rumen which is
called the core translational targeting
of this proteins and most of the time
the protein we are talking about are the
secretory proteins that means we need to
produce that protein inside the
endoplasmic reticulum lumen and then we
need to transfer that protein from ER to
Golgi and via the ER Golgi pathway to
finally which will finally fuse with the
cell membrane and release those protein
outside the cell okay so now let us look
at that in detail now all protein
synthesis in eukaryotic begins in the
cytosol where the ribosomal subunits
come together and begin the transfer
translating and mRNA near its five prime
end okay soon after the proteins start
to emerge from the ribosome it may
become the directed to the endoplasmic
reticulum which is ER it is targeted to
ER if it is ultimately designated to
incorporation into the ER Golgi
apparatus lysosomes or plasma membrane
or if it is designated to of the
secretion pathway okay so as you can see
in this picture everything is clear now
in mammalian cells most protein into the
ER a continued Co translationally that
means allowing the translation process
these proteins have the amino acid
sequences called a signal sequence which
is typically located at the amino
terminus a terminal of the polypeptide
chain signal now the signal sequence
span about 20 amino acid as you can see
now if I go back again let me come here
and tell you about the signal sequence
first now the signals you can spend
about 20 amino acid and includes a
stretch of hydrophobic amino acids
presented by a basic
sequence here is the stretches of
hydrophobic amino acid and the presence
of a basic amino acid as a signal
sequence emerges from the ribosome it is
recognized and bound by a signal
recognition particle which is SRP
consisting of six polypeptides and small
cytoplasmic RNA now the Asura binds to
the ribosome as well as the signal
sequence and in so doing stalls the
translation process now the assault be
targets the entire complex to the rough
endoplasmic reticulum by binding to an
SRP receptor on the membrane of the ER
which is denoted with blue now the GTP
molecule binds with the SRP and the SRP
receptor and the GTP bound targeted the
transfer of the signal sequence from the
SRP to membrane channel which is called
the translocon now hydrolysis of gtp to
GDP leads to the dissociation of the SRP
from the both of the receptor and the
ribosome a minor complex and it will
remain only the protein the transfer of
ribosome mRNA complex to the translocon
allows the signal sequence to interact
with the short hydrophobic side chain
located in the narrow neck of the
translocon channel now this interaction
opens the charr translocon by moving the
plug away from the translocon channel a
translocation proceeds in in signal
sequence is cleaved by the signal
peptide s and the polypeptide is
released into the lumen of here does the
process of protein synthesis directly
drives the transfer of growing
polypeptide chains through the
translocation into the ER so that's how
the translocation of the protein which
is previously being translated onto the
ER is being carried out and can be
translocated from the external portion
of the ER into the lumen of the ER okay
so that's how the protein synthesis and
code translational synthesis is done and
I hope that's going to help you thank
you